Custom keyboard shortcuts (#9081)
scalableminds/webknossos: unreleased_changes/9081.md

### Added

> - Added a modal displaying current keybaord and mouse shortcuts to WEBKNOSSOS. The keyboard shortcuts are editable.

Reviewer: I'd lead with the banger feature ;)

```suggestion
- Keyboard shortcuts are configurable now. They are displayed in a new shortcuts dialog (together with mouse shortcuts which are not editable).
```
